hey there YouTube and today I'm gonna
show you how to make a circle circle and
domes online craft really easy first if
you're on PC you're gonna want to come
over to this flag thingy and then you're
just gonna want to type in paint and
this is Moton on most pcs so you're
gonna do is you're gonna want to click
on it when you're on here
you're gonna want to bring up circle
don't click any of this and then after
that you're gonna want to go to view
zoom custom and bring it down to eight
hundred percent then after that it will
show you and then each one is one
separate pixel and you could make it any
way you want any fan of circle just make
it very easy like that
now let's circle right here very good
just go file save as okay don't you know
you can go have minecraft up at the same
time and then what you're gonna do to
measure it out cuz it doesn't show a
little lines in between this little life
thing right here just want to click
right there 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
and oh yes make sure that when you do
the circle that these lines are uneven
so how it was twelve right now try to
make it so you can get even 13 or 11 or
an odd number 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 yeah
it's not gonna come out very even in the
circle for the center point that's how
you know it's a straight line also you'd
also use this to make domes
right there but domes Springs like this
and then you just use that part right
there so I'd be one so that would be one
two three four one two three - you know
just make it regular all the way up
there it's only make a good dome you
could use either of these for either
reason you just click new
don't say after every time and you have
to go to custom again and use and you
can make any kind of doom well there you
go that is how you can make circles and
domes and cylinders even cylinders are
from the top point of view and like that
yeah that was video thanks for watching